1.) 5 Initial Steps to Launch Your Mineral Water Business

 We are creating some blogs for educating people for the water bottle business, who are entering as a business owner. That is our perspective.
So, As a business owner what you should do?
 In this blog We are going to cover the five basic steps to Start Your or Launch Your Mineral Water Business.So, Once You do the Initial Goggling you maybe in the place at what to do exact?
 In this blog We Are Going To Guide You for Going Further with Your Business,As a Business Owner.
 When You are a business Owner, You are a investor...And a first duty Of any business is to generate some good revenue over a period Of Time.
So, In that Case to Assure you what Practical Five Steps Should Take that We are listing Down:

Step 1: Decide Your Approach: Starting Small Or Big-Way
What Should be Your Approach?
So What We are mean by this is many a times there are first Generation Entrepreneurs which we are observing,So for them taking Initial huge Investment will not be a good option for them,Comfort wise.
and they are not used to the risks and the follow backs of business life or entrepreneur Life. So, We are suggest that you take a bottom of approach. Start Slow. Slowly Bigger and reach to a goal then invest again.
Rather the extra base family business says Third generation business..They knows Pit falls and know How to hold themselves in difficult times.So, for them we would suggest that you should go for bottom of approach so you are comfortable.
Of course, they are comfortable.Even an established businesses also prefer the bottom of approach. So, Decide that whether you want to start huge and then come down and break it down and then come out of your business.
So, this is number one step that what should be your approach...So,This is first step you should take.

Step 2: Study different Business Models: Own Plant/Branding/Distribution/White labeling
The second step is studying different models of this business. There are various ways people do it..It's just not that You should have your Own manufacturing plant.
So you should study the models like having own plant Or just branding it and getting it from anybody else. Whether you should go for only Distribution kind of business with a raw capital.
Or you can even think of white labeling..You must have seen that somebody else is making it and you making it for hotels..There are many kinds of model available, So study this different models and study the resources needed.
Each model needed the some resources so study the land, water, money and all that. The documentation part and most important ROI(Return Of Investment). So once you do some estimation and forecasting you can have your Own ROI and this kind of thing.

Step 3: Your Own Business Model: Business Model Canvas
The third step is arriving at your own business model.First of all, Identify what you are comfortable with, as we told you.The investment kind of thing how much can you take the risk.
Though you may protect it but still you should be comfortable with that kind of investment.We would suggest that don't go out of way.like your readiness is 25lakhs and cost sheet comes to 1cr. or 2cr.
You should really think it and then do it in your investment. 

Step 4: Have a Proper Business Plan
The Point number 4 is Once you decide your business model you should have a proper business plan in action.what the plan does is decide your mission, your vision,goals, milestones, how you are going to meet, periodic review amd all that.

Step 5:Protect your Intellectual Properties
The last step is whatever you create, as a differentiator protect your Intellectual Properties.Intellectual Properties is a most important thing. 
so, you should create and protect your trademark, copyrights, designs. So, all that is available and available under the government Start-up Scheme also.So, Government is Offering Good Concession rates of that.

 If you need any expert advice please come to us, we will guide you.
 So, these were the five point on actually you should build your basic decision on go for the mineral water business.

Thank You:)



2.) Mineral Water Pricing

Today, We are going to talk about a pricing of mineral water bottles.Actually, when you start the plant everybody worried about the fears of competition in the market.
So, that is why there is always a question what to go out of pricing.

 How should we keep the pricing?
If they keep pricing low what will happen?If keep High what will be happen?

so been answer to this is don't be too fears of comepetitive to compete with the lowest pricing and at the same time don't think that I should keep my pricing very high.
wherever you want to go if you see for example there are actually three categories in the market.
Type A Selleres, 
Type B Selleres and Type C Selleres.
Type A Selleres are the brand who are the national level brands.
Type B selleres can Called brand but local level brand,
and, Type C are no brands.
The C type Of people are go down and compete with the low because ultimately,the price which you are going to get is sold 20rs.to packaged drinking water bottle.
there you have don't too much scope. you have scope to give the pricing to the distributor.
Type A people give typically 50% margin to distributor. 
Type B People Give 60% margin and Type C People Give 70%.
So, don't try to be give immediately 75% and grabbing the market.

similarly, If you go for very high pricing then there is very difficult for you to justify your pricing and survive in the market.

So, what is the right strategy?
Start with little above the after see market.start branding yourself.give a 3 year timeline and then gradually raise to your level.
once, you become local brand for say 3-5 years then 5-7 years you become national brand also.

so, keep your packaging drinking water business healthy.
For any further information connect with us.

Thank You:)